[docs] Add WIP pages for the charts (#7871)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/areas/areas.md

---
product: charts
title: Charts - Areas
---

# Charts - Areas

<p class="description">Chart areas can express qualities about data, such as highlights, and comparisons.</p>

> ⚠️ This feature isn't implemented yet. It's coming.
>
> 👍 Upvote [issue #7928](https://github.com/mui/mui-x/issues/7928) if you want to see it land faster.
>

> > 💬 To have a solution that solves your needs, leave a comments on the [same issue](https://github.com/mui/mui-x/issues/7928).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 💬 To have a solution that meets your needs, leave a comment on the [same issue](https://github.com/mui/mui-x/issues/7928).
```

```suggestion
> 💬 To have a solution that meets your needs, leave comments on the [same issue](https://github.com/mui/mui-x/issues/7928).
```

Or another proposal:

```suggestion
> 👍 Upvote [issue #7928](https://github.com/mui/mui-x/issues/7928) if you want to see it land faster or comment  it make sure the new feature meets your needs.

Author: I like the idea of adding images, but I don't know which one to display. We could use those from material design article but I did not found licence of those images

https://m2.material.io/design/communication/data-visualization.html#types
